hello, we introduce you to pablito pablito es
a passionate cyclist who is looking for
improve and enjoy practicing your
favorite sport that's why I decided to look
an appropriate training plan for
hiring an expensive personal trainer
hire a personal trainer for a
group many people do not serve decide to search
on the internet
other options web pages
coaches a single coach for
we all serve platforms that offer
standardized workouts you have
that coupling the service does not serve pablito
has not found a service that the cop
what is there is not useful to create a
individualized training at a price
reasonable
for this reason training is born
puntocom cyclist formed by ones
friends in love with cycling that touch
the top in the olympic games of peking
where they achieve three medals are raised
transform knowledge the
experience the new methods the
computer language that is capable of
reproduce the making process
decisions just as the
best coaches these decisions
based on complex algorithms it
mobilize and automate to create
training plans with this is born the
Cycling 3.0 based on intelligence
artificial
here cyclist training is born
dot com
put your personal information define your
aim your availability and
application gives you a workout
individualized I have made it to your needs
available from the moment of payment and
at the best market price the service
is intended for any practitioner
cycling that wants to apply the latest
trends in workouts does not matter
your level neither your expectations nor your degree
of professionalism it is not necessary that
be federated or that compete are offered
different services depending on the
degree of personal attention
way any athlete
You will find what you are looking for at a very
competitive
do your follow up uploads readings
your heart rate monitor adds alterations in your
planning and even modify your
availability the application will tell you
how it evolves and if necessary
adapt to modify your plan
training thanks to intelligence
artificial thanks to training
puntocom cyclist
finally a solution for pablito
cyclist training dotcom science
and technology at the service of the athlete